# Fitness Log
#### Description:
This website is a tracker for progress that you make on a excerisce.  The users chooses and it gives an analysis based off of that excercise.  First there is the project.db file in which contain two tables one caller users and the other one workouts, in users is where it keep tracks of every users and the respective session.  On workouts there are 5 columns: name, which cointan the name of the excercise that the users inputs; weight, which cointains the weights of the exercise that the users chooses; sets, the number of sets done for given exercise; reps, number of repetition done for given exercise; time, the time in which the exercise selection was submited, this time could be interpreted as the time the workout was done.

the next file is login.py. In this file there two functions: one called apology which is a function that return an image and error in case the users made an incorrect input, like not typing any username when logging in and also it changed certain character to avoid errors being made by the user's input.  The next is login_requiered, this function basically makes it so for certain routes it would be requered to have the users logged in so whatevery they're inputting is being stored.

Next there is app.py which is the main python file.  First there are the imports from other libraries that will help run my code.  Then there is Flask configuration and to store the session in a filesystem, after that there is the after-request which essentially make it so the ebsite doesnt catch cache or unwonted memory stored that could present trouble.  Then there is the index route which iterates over othe workouts that the users has donde, and returns it to index.html.  After that there is the routine route which gets an input from the users and checks that everything is valid and then inserts the values that the user input into de workout table and shows an alert to announce a new workout.  the next route is login it clear any user_id at first and then request the user's input for the username and password then it proceeds to look if the username/password is valid then it stores the user_id.  Then there is the register route which takes the input for username password and confirmation if the users doesnt type a valid input it will take them to a websites for error message, if the input is valid it will iterate throught the users table looking for username and see if that username is already taken it it will show an error message, if it isnt it will insert the username, password as hash into the users table and remeber the users, then there is the logout route which will just simply clear the session and make the user login again.  Then finally there is the analisis route which will request the match which is the name of the exercise that the users wants to see the progress that he's made,  it request a match which woudl be an iteratition of the name of the workout that the users has donde, so the user would choose which exercise he wants to choose, this way it makes it so the user cannot choose an exercise he has not done yet, then it looks through the workouts and see if the name matches with the exercise that the users selected, then the weight of that exercise is used to calculate to predict what would be the one rep max, the only thing is that the reps for the selected exercise has to be more the 1 otherwise that itself would be considered as one rep max,  then it looks for the most recent time that users has donde the selected exercise and compares it to the first it, this is used to give an analisis on the progress that users has made on the exercise, based on the weight and reps that the user's donde, so it will tell if you have regressed or progressed by a cerntain amount of weight, or if your have done higher repetition since the user started doing that exercise.
